Launch the Application: Run the executable file or the Python script to start the application. A window titled “Folder Processor” will appear.
Select Directory: Click on the “Browse” button to open a directory selection dialog. Navigate to the directory you want to process and select it. The selected directory’s path will be displayed in the text field next to the “Select Directory” label.
Set New Folder Name: Enter the name of the new folder you want to create in each directory in the text field next to the “New Folder Name” label. If you want to change the name later, you can do so by typing the new name in this field and clicking the “Update Folder Name” button.
Choose File Extensions: Check the boxes next to the file extensions that you want to process. By default, all extensions (“.jpg”, “.jpeg”, “.png”, “.yaml”) are selected. You can add a new extension by typing it in the “Add extension here” field and clicking the “Add Extension” button. To remove an extension, select it and click the “Remove Selected Extension” button.
Process Folders: Click the “Process Folders” button to start processing the folders in the selected directory. The application will create a new folder with the specified name in each directory and move all files with the selected extensions into the new folder. A progress bar will show the progress of the operation.
Cancel Processing: If you want to stop the processing at any time, click the “Cancel” button. A message will appear informing you that the processing has been canceled.
